MechaCar Technical Report
AutosRUs’ newest prototype, the MechaCar, is suffering from production troubles. There are a number of issues surrounding the vehicle’s specifications and manufacturing process that are blocking the manufacturing team from proceeding. We performed a series of statistical tests on the production data in order to justify some last-minute design decision.

Background:

MechaCar_mpg.csv- The results of an mpg testing dataset of 50 potential prototype MechaCars. The MechaCar prototypes were produced using multiple design specifications to identify ideal vehicle performance. Multiple metrics such as vehicle length, vehicle weight, spoiler angle, drivetrain, and ground clearance were collected for each vehicle.
Suspension_coil.csv- MechaCar suspension coil test results from multiple production lots. In this dataset, the weight capacity of multiple suspension coils were tested to determine if the manufacturing process is consistent across lots.
We generated a robust technical report that can be used to justify design choices using quantitative and qualitative reasoning.

By combining his understanding of R and statistics with the manufacturing datasets provided we conclude the results as follow:

MPG Regression
I used multiple linear regression to design a linear model that predicts the mpg of MechaCar prototypes using a number of variables within the MechaCar mpg dataset.
Variables/coefficients that provided a non-random amount of variance to the mpg values in the dataset:
by looking at the variable coeficents Vehicle.Length and ground.clearence has the most correlation to mpg level.

by using the calculated p-value and r-squared value, we have determined that there is a significant relationship between mpg and vehicle_length, as well as, mpg and ground_clearance. 
so Vehicle.weight,Spoiler.Angle and AWD coeficents has no significant linear relationship, the dependent value is determined by random chance and error.  I decided to remove non significant coeficent and run a regression with this two variables:
lm(formula = mpg ~ vehicle.length + ground.clearance, data = MechaCar_mpg) 

This linear model does not predict mpg of MechaCar prototypes effectively. After reviewing our findings, we could be more effective by not including non-substancial metrics in our statistical test.

Suspension Coil Summary
In our RScript file, we created a summary statistics table for the suspension coil’s pounds-per-inch continuous variable, including the following metrics:

Mean
Median
Variance
Standard deviation

The means and medians of all three lots are very similar suggesting a lack of large outliers in each data set.
The standard deviations in lot one and two are pretty small suggesting more consistency in the manufacturing processes of these two lots.
The standard deviation for lot three is higher suggesting that there may be issues in this lot.
Based on statisticial testing across the three lots of manufacturers, there is not significant variation across the first and second lots.
However, there seems to be a problem with Lot3 as the variance between values is 170. Considering that over 100 pounds/inch variance would be problematic, this suggest inconsistencies in the manufacturing process.
Therefore, the manufacturing process does not meet standards for this design specification in Lot3.

The design specifications for the MechaCar suspension coils dictate that the variance of the suspension coils must not exceed 100 pounds per inch. Our coil_summary_table shows that the current manufacturing data meets this design specification with a variance of 62.29356.

Suspension Coil T-Test
Using the same suspension coil data and the MechaCarChallenge.RScript file, We determined that the suspension 
Based on a one sample t-test comparing the sample means of the PSI ,the p value is not statistically significant.
We can say that two means are statistically similar.


### Design Your Own Study
Think critically about what metrics you would think would be of interest to a consumer (cost, fuel efficiency, color options, etc.).

Horsepower is a unit of power used to measure the forcefulness of a vehicle's engine. The total number of miles your vehicle can go during its lifespan is also determined using horsepower. Essentially, the horsepower tells the total running capacity of a vehicle. A single unit of horsepower is equivalent to 33,000 lb.
Horsepower is a unit that is unicversal to consumers and important for car shoppers  even if they are hybrid or electrics they compare the engine power to Horsepower.

Determine what question we would ask, what the null and alternative hypothesis would be to answer that question, and what statistical test could be used to test this hypothesis.

H0:MechaCar has same or less Horsepower than other
Ha: MechaCar has more Horsepower 

Knowing what test should be used, what data should be collected? Hint: Look at the cheat sheetPreview the document for required variables.
The data is the Horsepower for all the cars but Mechacar, that data is continoues as the horsepower is continues and availble to public.
The two-sample t-test will be used to compare two samples from a single population dataset. We would perform a two-sample t-test on each assumed comparable vehicle. MechaCar and other cars data.